As we just mentioned,
I was going to show you two ways to get the project and the first
way was just going through and downloading the exercise files from
the Pluralsight course Exercise Files section and the second method
is downloading from GitHub.
I will let you choose which approach you want to take,
but the end result will be the same.
To set up the project from GitHub,
you first need to fork the project to your own repository.
Second, I have made a shortened URL for you to access the project,
that will take you to the fully built out project on GitHub,
and once you've done that we'll walk through the setup of the project. Let's dive into that demo now.